---
description: 'Last updated: Saturday, April 20th 2024'
---

# Privacy Policy

## Why and How We Collect Data

Mowund ("we", "us") collects data solely to provide our services. Data may be collected when using any service with the Mowund branding.

## What Information We Collect

When you use Mowund in a guild you own or are a member of, we collect certain data to provide our features. The basic data collected includes configurations for each guild.

Information about Discord objects (guilds, users, channels, etc.) may be stored to provide the service or for abuse prevention, such as user and guild blacklists. These are usually stored as their unique snowflake IDs generated by Discord, allowing Mowund to retrieve information about them through Discord's API. All information stored on these objects is not end-user data and may be excluded from data deletion requests.

## How Long Is Data Stored?

We aim to store data only as long as necessary to provide our services. However, in some cases, this may not be possible. Mowund has no way of knowing when a user's account or a guild has been deleted, so data may be stored indefinitely. Any data cached in memory is either stored until the bot restarts (e.g., guilds, channels) or cleared on an interval (e.g., messages, users, members). You can see how long Mowund has been online (and thus how long data has been cached) via the `/bot info` command.

## Final Words

We may update or modify this document at any time, at our sole discretion, with or without prior notice (though we usually announce changes in our Discord). Changes may be made to comply with legal requirements or to reflect changes in our services. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, your continued use of the Service after modifications are posted will constitute your acceptance of those changes. If you object to the changes, you must stop using our services and can request data removal as outlined above.
